Riemann zeros and Montgomery's Conjecture
===============================================

July, 29, 2013
Guilherme S. Franca <guifranca@gmail.com>
Cornell University, Physics Department


This directory contains the programs used to generate Riemann zeros and 
to test Montgomery's conjecture based on a transcendental equation and
an explicit formula in terms of Lambert function.

The directory /data contains data generated by the main programs.
The directory /mathematica contains some mathematica scripts and notebooks.

For the theory behind this see:

http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.06003
http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.4358
http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.7019
http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.8395


1. Library - /lib
   --------------
   Contains the main code. The executables script in the root directory
   uses the code inside /lib to do their tasks.

   
   zeros.py     contains the functions and algorithms to find the roots

   gue1.py      implementation of Montgomery's conjecture starting
                from the beginning of the critical line
   
   gue2.py      implementation of Montgomery's conjecture starting
                from the middle of the critical line. Stronger version.
   
   graphs.py    classes to generate graphs

   prime.py     reconstruct prime number counting formula using Riemann
                zeros

   check.py     check the transcendental equation with more precise solutions


2. How to use it
   -------------

   Run the executable files inside the root directory.
   Use --help to see a description of how to use them.


3. Dependencies
   ------------

   python 2.7.3
   matplotlib
   scipy
   pylab
   mpmath

